Forgot to make this file 2 days ago when i first started learning javascript, but the first day i learned how to do basic javascript, it was very messy, didnt know functions parameters etc. day 2 i learned functions, made some big changes to some projects i did along the way, made the code nicer and easy to read on most of the projects too. today i didnt do much, learned JSON and localStorage, also added it to my rock paper scissors project so that when u refresh the page the score doesnt change, also added a win tie loss ratio to rps, the more i learn the neater the code gets. Thats all for now. 
Yesterday was dead, i was not home until 10pm, studied from 11 to 3 am, mostly just reworked old code to my newest knowledge, added localStorage, added a winRate to Heads and Tails. Today i learned Auto-Boxing, did some work with objects, "learned" how to add things to an object outside of the object and also how to change the content of an object without directly changing it. I already knew this from before but forgot it. Also continued studying javascript through the course, did some tasks, thats about it.
Learend DOM, made MASSIVE changes to the code i had before, my new Rock Paper Scissors game is looking absolutely magnificent, im kind of writing this bidaily, but thats fine, yesterday i learned DOM, today i spent the whole day finishing a task i gave myself yesterday, that is making a score for each one of the buttons in Rock Paper Scissors, so you know which one gives you the best results... even tho al l3 give the same result. Added my first transition using a hybrid of JavaScript and CSS, made it so when the score reaches 100, instead of it just disappearing cuz the div isnt big enough, i made it so that the div increases in width, but when i did that it just appeared out of nowhere so i added a transition to css linked to the same html document. Works pretty good now, thats about it for the past 2 days.
Today i spent some time watching the Java script course, i finished learning DOM, also watched another seperate video of how localStorage works so i can understand it better and use it fluently because before every time i used it i had no idea what i was doing. Now i get it and i think i can make it work every time. also i learned how to check if theres any localStorages, Inspect => Applications and it says it right there. Didnt make any new projects today, neither did i give myself any tasks, because i want to finish this course as soon as possible, and start a new one. Other than that, i learned how to call something from inside an input using .value, also learned onkeydown() and onkeyup(), onkeydown() is used if you want to make it so if u press a button down, if its for example enter, a function happens, for example onkeydown(event), and then u make a function onKeyDownFunction(event) { if(event === "Enter") {Another function happens}}, onkeyup() basically just follows whatever you type actively in a string. I re-did cartQuantity, made it so when you add/remove something from the cart it shows the quantity on the screen, forgot how i originally made cart quantity so i had to reread the code, dont want that to happen that much because i dont want to forget things, but i understand how i did it and thats the most important thing. Also learned how to add a class through Javascript using <document>.classList.add or <document>.classList.remove. I think thats about it for today, tomorrow is reserved for Javascript too.
Last commit of journey.txt happened 3 days ago, since then i have learned Arrays and Loops, did a million different exercises, probably learned some other little things that i cant remember, but today i learned Advanced functions aka functions that can be called inside of other functions, like setTimeout, setInterval and forEach. Thats about it, theres only like 2 hours of content left in the course, after this, Jonas time.
Testing desktop github